like him when he is you think go sector
he loses half his health oh yeah oh it's
aria blade he he loses half its not just
from the zoo fault Billy kb I God mushi
so fast level one going but a lot of
fishery yeah you can't get out right now
but the teams are here the regular
fights help Denise is coming in that'll
be able to stare at the brewmaster
clapping so up with the march of level
one pushing back k YX but there's the
stuff from be wifey now the whirling
that's coming in KY Hanks why getting
blocked in first blood for ms I'll gonna
do what time you got a blood brother
piccolino jyc is running right in russia
says listen I'm out of here this song is
confidential e Fisher coming through not
gonna block me she will be like nice job
that's really silence dead k YX by WPS
split so no metaphor but he will stick
up now we will promise we're coming
people he's fighting for Heroes the
Stampede Rock coming through nice
telekinesis from that looks like jyc
should fall here I'll get a one-for-one
trade up in the air cyclone that'll be
up on beer I've eaten ice blink away
just in time but the Rock will connect
to Joe tape but now running away is
going to be the Earth Spirit they also
have the sky rafter you're ready to go
there's big lift coming through
meanwhile fish is going to connect sound
some machine six impressive shops
linkedin from byb stomp on 22 nice tour
kinases but I set it up the Stanford you
they kill mushi I'll get Stella lies as
well for you I'd be driving back kill
two dead already chocolate coming
through a YX block and shoulder quit now
down for 260 sealed up but it doesn't
matter they're running amok there's
gonna be the rules finally coming
through now it gets canceled a double
check for byb everybody low for msi
patel experiencing high nicely though 40
fish are coming through to further the
truth on the backside teepees coming in
Thunder gods wrath extended it gets it
off before he gets obliterated but no
follow-up coming to tighten now the
Stampeder looking for they actually
catch out Ohio mystic flare not even
need if it gets drop any way down the
backside coming Fisher they both they're
cleaning this up all on their own now k
well actually coming through he's
ancient shield he's got split he's got
to survive really good enough no the
echo slim as well as the dead allege
coming through him vyb wow I'm here sure
how comes back in oh my god jinxiu
though they sure Joe tan coming in the
back side stop byp is a mani meds up and
grubs a double-kill there's the age
solution gone they're having this white
go their way meanwhile Ohio jumps back
in byb grubs actually goes down sprout
now I'm leaving for jyc here out of
range yesterday's he come ESS to fence
is zero guitar Todd chakra coming
through but Lucy's here Fisher coming
out as well lightning but they want
Ohio's y ok to the kill crowd is in
there moo she jumps in gets the kill the
same thing they're sitting the trees
together right now
we're going in absolutely obliterate the
Tinker Fisher coming in a bitchy way mr
Clare and echoes them going through they
grab the konbu she fell was stolen it is
going to be that echo slim now the
Thunder guys rap coming through sprout
up that'll be on jyc can they grabbed
his villa absolutely now since our comes
in he doesn't connect echo slam does a
bit of damage trauma split coming
through as well from the Panda zero gets
brought down yet again up in here's the
cyclone byb taking the right foot taking
the lightning bolt as well extinct
getting low now can they finish off byp
he's so damn take you to stop going
through nine time for dead on the side
might be a fifth through the sky with
the last of live ohio gets on sup will
he dived now the clock coming in why he
said ally against the trip now what's
their play here think it sent are all
nope hey rice will jump city gets a list
immediately role play coming up from the
skywrath mage a buyback coming out they
did use federal God's wrath who she's
still tonic trying to go we're going
I'll gets pummeled down by b wifey and
jyc are three four one tray now and
three between the babe olivia three for
three equus upcoming and doing some work
he had a gantt oh and now the ancient
feel on net as well looking like he
wants to show their cable and will i
think it's an orchid as well
initiation convention gene while under
guys graphics exact where be right BAC
gets caught out stop not their tailgate
your spell steel will do the double
edged neck comes through saves his life
for the time being but should fall to
Ohio's right quick meanwhile they get
the scar as well or secret Fisher went
to work there's this brunch actually off
target on 0 but some we're hit from the
brewmaster meanwhile next on boys as
well there's the one get through the
chakram 0 gets the kill almost free in
fact a two-for-one trade here are some
of the became a meeting shooting
certainly jump in he's gonna overpower
mrs. actually because a team all healthy
some solid taker chote a minstrel boy
agency on k wax why there's the bj v out
of it now looks to go ahead with this
promise but as use it yet there's the
AG's coming through Big Thunder gods rap
coming out as well 0 getting chased down
a one-for-one trade will ages for one
trade rather primal split not coming
just yet no thunderclap either they're
still looking for damage here another
silencing clear where XY meanwhile Musa
jumps in an obliteration scared
meanwhile jyc gets paid bolted double
kill from Russia now I don't want to get
that too I'm really just in this earth
shaker guys jizz all over power him
where I BJP's going 0 and trouble timber
chains out BYB meanwhile telekinesis mex
gonna go through an heir to your
now the south there's the Stampede Ohio
miss is the sprout there just barely
they will get out stampede was stolen
now k wax my looking for more he studies
behav hits the clap now the promise book
coming through 0 still alive but they
will toss the rock and it will connect
on 0 there should be to kill the cycle
and he's going to expel them out to be
just a second there it goes 0 balls and
tight
oh that's not gonna help him there yeah
this guy Jason one lift and I just eight
am-11 II still have the mischance from
halberd he can use it if versus BJP's on
cooldown and it still provides some
damage as well and request quit coming
in man k where X Y is going in he's
gonna find y&z palpable how extinct gets
the kill actually with the lightning
bolt up in there is going to be there
sugar nice bling coming through though
well actually be able to high ground he
will keep you away and he said you know
earthshaker blink echo just yet since he
bought it Oh No timbersaw buddy you got
to get out of there she has a basher oh
my god the RG is real the Hail Mary
smoke wit ya the all in smoke going
straight down midday we asked my spots
out jumps in oh dude them do in fact mu
she jumps in as well 0 trying to survive
they try to find net but there's the
abyss applied onto I be I think zeros
not dead yet one more light coming
through there's the earth orbit onto jyc
to keep him alive now jumping further
skywrath balls as well super low so far
bellucci pledges FB YP the stop being so
my net it actually hates py being will
probably give this killer sushi right
clicks him down for dead again I don't
believe there's a body slam freshest
hiss I say on the audio and you getting
back into the game know who she's
looking to connect the PYD mrs. a stump
she was gonna fight
whooshing out that much damage CEO
jumping it obliterates net but byb
getting role as well we should getting
ready to jump back if there's the
Stampede Big Bash and the official play
mushi godlike now they want to get this
kill pill popping BKB first hit bash on
0 he falls as well double-check Ohio
double kill fromage 8 and they're going
to push into the space to try to finish
this game off they want more also we
might find jyc no get this last melee
rax mid lane ecclestone coming through a
mushi he actually might have to kill he
has chasey can't pop it there's the
orchid coming through the Maelstrom now
on gyc there's going to be thunderclap
as well grass is gone they got to spell
a mushi before they all died but a
valiant effort there's the GG call from
msi and tight and take yet another game
and the premise but for good measure
my game action packed man yeah it was
actually just a lineup that I'm as I had
and tighten the way that they play just
made her made for really entertaining
early